so let's continue the young cationic
Rings all these fuzi how and how much they
being pushed because the children are inside
high potassium castration
electrolytic forces potassium on the contrary
delivers it to stay inside because
what to charge negative and whether charging
positive and so a balance between
electrostatic forces and forces
diffusion leads to the fact that potassium
inside the cage more than you build the same
the most true let's look at
to sodium zenith to chlorine
perfusion forces push it in
cage ceiling this inside cage a
electrostatic forces leave it
from outside to inside and minus chlorine minus and
accordingly, the balance between
electrostatic forces forces
diffusion leaves leads to what
polish wheel pore is outside
more interesting is the situation with on 3
let's see diffusion forces pushing
on 3 inside the cage, too, on the guard
sodium more
and what about a number or countries
electrostatic eat they also
pushed on 2 inside because here on
3 charge of millet inside him and those and others
Siny make up for 3 move like
seeks inside the cell accordingly
It ceases to issue a permeable membrane for
on
maybe looking at the fact that he is strong
pushed here he is closed the road to
membrane permeable not very easy to wash
fire impenetrable for nato
sodium ions penetrate inside then
the next question is this is true why
same table on sodium does not come in
equilibrium why is there a lot however
there are few if you constantly have two same 10
and 7 and pull 3 inwards like this is a prize in
this helps sodium potassium pump
who constantly squeezes out sodium
already enticing to either inward ie
forces sucked on 3 inward
he has to take off inside but
membrane action gravy and of course it is not
pump and pump as we present
least closest function is
pump
which you ran into either sodium 3
out
pushes the rink and bend let's
approximately we will draw the pump these consist of
proteins from proteins so here there is such
here is the pump here again the membrane
War learned quite drunk
molecules so what happens for every three
sodium molecules that are pushed out
through the pump three molecules per squad
two molecules go in
These are the pumps and not them or them.
the work leads to the fact that sodium is out
cells taste outside the cell more than
bent as i said on the throne too
easy to pass through the membrane so
kaleva sodium pump effectively
copes with the problem that is, if so
it happened that all of a sudden on 3 would fly
on the inside of the cage then the pump without work is not
managed and does not require much
energy and their power is so much
not enough to turn off
all above but the membrane is not easy not the same
penetrate for at 3 so the pump and
They do an excellent job with the scanner Caribs
sodium pump consumes a lot of energy
it's not such an easy job
to transport kaolin 3 there I'm talking about
about 40 percent metabolic
resources on and role
what is interesting most of our cells
organism including not only neurons
arm muscle cells and
contains such pumps to revana by three
pump during my work though i
I repeat there is a transfer 3
positive sodium ions
from inside the cell and two positive
potassium ions from outside the cell this work
accompanied by their accumulation in the wound
electric potential difference at
this splits atf
which supplies mitochondria come on
hole for the operation of these pumps now we
with you we will finish in the next lesson we
splat new talk about potential
telnosti just good to meet in
next time bye